URL: https://www.esilv.fr/en/legal-mentions/

Student projects
Student guide
Our Campuses
News
Menu
The School
Message from the Dean
Rankings
Accreditations & Networks
Our mission
The “Titre d’ingénieur” (national master’s degree in engineering)
Educational project
Close
News
Programmes
Master’s degree in engineering
5-year Grande Ecole Programme, CTI, CGE & RNCP Accredited. Majors :
Data Engineering & AI
Modelling & Computational Mechanics
Cybersecurity & Cloud Computing
Creative Technology
Fintech
MedTech & Health
Financial Engineering
Energy & Sustainable Cities
Industry & Robotics
Cybersecurity & IOT Trust
Actuarial Science
Eco-design and Sustainable Innovation
Software Engineering & AI
Sustainable Manufacturing
MSc Computer Science & Data Science
MSc Aeronautical & Aerospatial Engineering
MSc Financial Engineering
MSc Cyber Resilience & Crisis Leadership
MSc Fintech & Digital Banking
MSc Innovation & Creative Technology
Exchange students
Exchange programmes
Welcome Desk
Summer Programme
Immersive summer program combining business, engineering, and digital technology skills.
Engineer-Manager Double Degree
Close
Faculty & Research
De Vinci Research Center
Faculty
Close
International
Degree seeking students
Exchange students
De Vinci Higher Education Summer Programme
International Double Degrees
Incoming and outgoing mobility
Partner universities
Scholarships and funding
Close
Careers & Companies
Become a partner company
Propose a project to our students
First job survey
Alumni Network
Close
Student Services
Welcome Desk
Health, prevention & disability
Student associations
Our Campuses
Student guide
Close
Legal Mentions
The site is published by Association Leonard de Vinci, an association under the french law of 1901, declared to the Prefecture of the Hauts de Seine on 10 May 1994, whose head office is located at 2-12 avenue Léonard de Vinci 92400 Courbevoie Tel: 01.41.16.70.00
Hosting :
OVH – Head office : 2 rue Kellermann – 59100 Roubaix – France
Director of Publication :
Pascal Brouaye
Statement :
This site has been declared to the CNIL under the reference 493325.
Copyright – copyright :
This entire site is subject to French and international legislation on copyright and intellectual property. All rights of reproduction
are reserved, including downloadable documents, texts, iconographic and photographic representations. The reproduction of all or part of this site on any electronic medium whatsoever is formally prohibited unless expressly authorized by the director of the publication. The brands mentioned on this site are registered by the companies that own them.
Data protection policy of Pôle Léonard de Vinci
The entities of the Pôle Léonard de Vinci are committed to the protection of personal data and respect for privacy. This is an essential condition of the relationship of trust that it wishes to establish with all those who entrust it with their personal data.
Within the framework of the application of the (EU) General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the amended Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978, this data protection policy aims to inform you about the way in which your personal data may be processed when you visit our websites.
What is personal data?
Personal data is any information relating directly or indirectly to an identified or identifiable natural person. Examples include a name, a postal or e-mail address or a telephone number.
Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data?
Depending on the website you visit, the data controller within Pôle Léonard de Vinci differs.
When you visit the websites of Ecole de Management Léonard de Vinci (EMLV), Ecole Supérieure d’Ingénieurs Léonard de Vinci (ESILV) and Pôle Léonard de Vinci, your personal data is processed by :
L’Association Léonard de Vinci, association Loi de 1901,
Déclarée à la Préfecture des Hauts de Seine le 10 mai 1994
Sise Pôle Universitaire Léonard De Vinci
92 916 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX
When you visit the website of Internet de l’Institut de l’Internet et du Multimédia (IIM), your personal data is processed by :
L’Devinci Executive Education, société par actions simplifiée
Sis Pôle Universitaire Léonard De Vinci
92 916 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX
Association Léonard de Vinci and Devinci Executive Education are each responsible for the processing. This is the organisation that determines the purposes and methods of processing your personal data.
When are your personal data processed?
Your personal data is collected when you :
Browse the websites of thePôle Léonard de Vinci;
Request brochures and documentation;
Give your consent to receive the Leonardo da Vinci Cluster newsletter;
Apply for our job offers;
Send an application form as part of the admission procedure for schools in the Pôle Léonard de Vinci;
Proceed with your enrollment.
The fields mentioned in the collection forms with an asterisk are compulsory. If they are not filled in, we will not be able to answer your request.
Why is your personal data processed?
You will be informed of the processing of your personal data at the time of collection.
The processing of personal data generated by the deposit and reading of cookies during your browsing on the websites of the Pole Léonard de Vinci serves the following purposes:
To measure the audience of the websites and to draw up visit statistics, based on your consent, which you may withdraw at any time;
Allow the sharing of content on social networks, based on your consent, which you can withdraw at any time;
Personalize the content posted on websites and the communications addressed to you.
The personal data collected during your use of the functionalities of the Pôle Léonard de Vinci websites allows :
The management of your requests for brochures and documentation;
The management of the recruitment of employees;
The sending of the Pôle Léonard de Vinci newsletter;
Analysis and management of admissions;
The management of registrations and the monitoring of students’ progress.
Who has access to your personal data?
Depending on the purpose of their collection, the recipients of your personal data are the collaborators of the Association Léonard de Vinci and the Devinci Executive Education :
From the Human Resources Department;
From the marketing department;
The admissions department.
The following may also have access to your personal data, within the limits of your allocation and upon authorisation from the Association Léonard de Vinci and/or the Devinci Executive Education, technical service providers involved in the processing identified in this Policy (routing service provider, recruitment agencies).
How long is your personal data kept?
Your personal data will be kept for the length of time necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes described above.
In the context of recruitment, your personal data will be kept for 24 months from the last contact.
In the context of the admission procedures, your personal data is kept for a period of 24 months from the end of the procedure.
Your personal data are kept for a period of three years after your last request for documentation or brochure.
What are your rights?
In accordance with the regulations on the protection of personal data, and under the conditions defined therein, you have the following rights over your data: right of access, right of rectification, right of deletion (right to forget), right of opposition, right to limit processing, right of portability and right to withdraw the consent given. You may also define general or specific guidelines on the fate of your personal data (storage, erasure, communication, etc.) after your death.
How do you exercise your rights?
For EMLV, ESILV and the Pôle Léonard de Vinci, please send :
Your letter to Association Léonard de Vinci – Pôle Universitaire Léonard De Vinci – 92916 Paris La Défense Cedex.
E-mail to webmaster@devinci.fr
For the IIM, please address :
Your mail to Devinci Executive Education – Pôle Universitaire Léonard De Vinci – 92916 Paris La Défense Cedex.
E-mail to webmaster@iim.fr
You are informed that we have one month from receipt of your request to reply.
The entities of the Pôle Léonard de Vinci pay the utmost attention to the protection of personal data. Nevertheless, if you consider that their processing infringes your rights or that your request has not been satisfied, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Commission nationale de l’informatique et des libertés (Cnil).
Youtube API
This website uses the Youtube API to display videos from Pôle Léonard de Vinci entities Youtube channels.
By using our Services, you are agreeing to be bound by agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service.
Read more about the
Google Privacy Policy.
Pôle Léonard de Vinci do not process or share Youtube user data with internal and external parties.
Are cookies used on the Pôle Léonard de Vinci websites?
When you browse the Pôle Léonard de Vinci websites, data may be stored on your browser or retrieved from it, generally in the form of cookies.
NOM DU COOKIE
FINALITE DU COOKIE
DURÉE DE CONSERVATION
_ga
__utmzzmtc_id
Audience measurement (measuring the number of visits, the number of page views as well as visitor activity on the site and the frequency of return visits)
12 mois
__cfduid
Enable content sharing on social networks
12 mois
mtc_id
Personalize the content displayed on the sites and communications
12 mois
Contact us
Apply now
Need information ?
Contact us and we will help you
Please select your country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo Republic
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czechia
DR Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts and Nevis
St Vincent and Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
São Tomé and Príncipe
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Gambia
The Netherlands
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Türkiye
U.S. Outlying Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland
Which programme are you interested in ?
—Veuillez choisir une option—
Master in Engineering
MSc Cyber Resilience & Crisis Leadership
MSc Computer Sience & Data Science
MSc Creative Technology
MSc Financial Engineering
MSc Aeronautical & Aerospatial Engineering
MSc Fintech & Digital Assets
MSc Game Programing
What is your highest level of education ?
—Veuillez choisir une option—
Secondary / High School
Undergraduate Degree
Postgraduate Degree
Veuillez laisser ce champ vide.
News
Graduate School of Engineering
Gabriela, Class of 2026: An International Path Towards Industry & Robotics at ESILV
Date: 18 Nov 2025
After completing her undergraduate studies in Industrial Engineering in Peru, Gabriela Veliz chose France to pursue graduate studies in a country known for its long-standing engineering tradition and its strong industrial......
Read The Rest →
The 5 Technologies Redefining Sustainable Aerospace in 2025
Date: 13 Nov 2025
Aerospace is entering its green revolution. From hydrogen propulsion to AI-driven aircraft design, engineers are reshaping the skies. As the world pushes toward net-zero emissions, innovation in aviation and space technologies......
Read The Rest →
Working in France as an International Student: Everything You Need to Know
Date: 06 Nov 2025
From part-time jobs to engineering internships, discover how you can combine study, work, and career growth in France.
For many international students, studying abroad is not only about earning a degree. Besides the academic......
Read The Rest →
Ecole Supérieure d'Ingénieurs
Léonard de Vinci
Paris • Nantes • Montpellier
Tél. : +33 1 81 00 28 38
admissions@esilv.fr
Recrutement
The School
/
International programmes
/
Careers & Companies
/
Student Services
/
Legal Mentions
/
20 Nov : ESILV Engineering School Webinar : study in Paris
X
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience
For instance by remembering your preferences or repeated visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Read more
Reject
Cookie Settings
ACCEPT ALL
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
apbct_cookies_test
apbct_cookies_test
No description
apbct_page_hits
Ce cookie sert à filtrer le spam lors des soumissions de formulaire
apbct_page_hits
No description
apbct_prev_referer
1 year
Ce cookie sert à filtrer le spam lors des soumissions de formulaire.
apbct_prev_referer
No description
apbct_site_landing_ts
Ce cookie sert à filtrer le spam lors des soumissions de formulaire
apbct_site_landing_ts
No description
apbct_site_referer
No description
apbct_timestamp
Ce cookie sert à filtrer le spam lors des soumissions de formulaire.
apbct_timestamp
No description
apbct_urls
No description
apbct_visible_fields
1 year
Ce cookie sert à filtrer le spam lors des soumissions de formulaire.
apbct_visible_fields
No description
apbct_visible_fields_count
Ce cookie sert à filtrer le spam lors des soumissions de formulaire
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Non Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
csrftoken
This cookie is associated with Django web development platform for python. Used to help protect the website against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks
ct_checkjs
ct_fkp_timestamp
ct_pointer_data
Ce cookie sert à filtrer les spam lors de la soumission de formulaire
ct_ps_timestamp
Ce cookie sert à filtrer les spams lors de la soumission de formulaire
ct_screen_info
No description
ct_sfw_pass_key
ct_timezone
PHPSESSID
This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.
viewed_cookie_policy
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
viewed_cookie_policy
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional
functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Cookie
Duration
Description
bcookie
This cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page.
ig_did
mautic_device_id
Ce cookie permet de vous proposer une expérience optimale et personnalisée sur nos sites web
mid
The cookie is set by Instagram. The cookie is used to distinguish users and to show relevant content, for better user experience and security.
urlgen
The cookie is set by instagram to enable the user to browse through the website securely by preventing any cross-site request forgery.
vuid
This first party cookie created by Vimeo is used to assign a Vimeo Analytics unique id.
YSC
This cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.
Performance
preferences
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__utmzz
5 months 27 days
No description
__utmzzses
__utmzzses
No description
_dc_gtm_UA-7498610-1
No description
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randoly generated number to identify unique visitors.
_gat
This cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the colllection of data on high traffic sites.
_gid
1 day
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.
_gid
No description
GPS
This cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical location
mautic_referer_id
Ce cookie permet de vous proposer une expérience optimale et personnalisée sur nos sites web
mautic_session_id
Ce cookie permet de vous proposer une expérience optimale et personnalisée sur nos sites web
mtc_id
Ce cookie permet de vous proposer une expérience optimale et personnalisée sur nos sites web
mtc_sid
Ce cookie permet de vous proposer une expérience optimale et personnalisée sur nos sites web
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_fbp
This cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website.
_fbp
3 months
No description
fr
The cookie is set by Facebook to show relevant advertisments to the users and measure and improve the advertisements. The cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.
NID
This cookie is used by Google to a profile based on user's interest and display personalized ads to the users.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Others
others-en
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Reject
Save My Preferences
Accept All
English
Français